SPA => Single Page Application
    - page that reloads the paticular component instante of full page in the website.
    - example: google map, chat, youtube, etc.
    - SPA is a type of web application that loads a single HTML page and dynamically updates that page
      as the user navigates between different views or routes. This is in contrast to a traditional web
      application, which loads a new HTML page for each new view or route.

DOM => Document Object Model
    - The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface for HTML and XML documents. It
      allows you to interact with the DOM by manipulating the structure of the document.
    - The DOM is a tree-like structure that represents the document as a collection of nodes.
    - Each node in the DOM has a set of properties and methods that can be used to access
      and modify the node's content.

Virtual DOM
    - The virtual DOM is a tree-like structure that represents the document as a collection
      of nodes, similar to the DOM. However, the virtual DOM is a lightweight in-memory representation
      of the DOM, and it is used by the React library to optimize rendering and improve performance.
    - The virtual DOM is used to keep track of the changes made to the DOM, and it is used
      to determine what changes need to be made to the DOM in order to update the user interface.

What is an application?
An application is a software program that performs a specific task or set of tasks. It can be a
web application, a mobile application, or a desktop application.

What is web app?
A web application is a software program that runs on a web server and is accessed through a web
browser. It can be a simple website or a complex application with multiple features and functionality.

What are the condition where the user chooses web app, mobile app or desktop app?
The user chooses a web app, mobile app, or desktop app based on their needs and preferences.
    - Web app: when the user wants to access the application from anywhere, at any time, and
      from any device with an internet connection.
    - Mobile app: when the user wants to access the application on their mobile device, and
      they want to use the application's features and functionality on the go.
    - Desktop app: when the user wants to access the application on their desktop computer, and
      they want to use the application's features and functionality on a larger screen.

WHat is typescirpt?
TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript that adds optional static typing and other features to improve the development
experience. It is designed to help developers catch errors early and improve code maintainability.
Example: let name: string = "John"; // declare a variable name of type string and assign it the
         value "John".

